Go like this, your young master will be off in 5 minutes
What's the matter with you, miss?
Why do I need to report to you everything I do?
Go soon
OK
imperial mother
What do you want?
I heard you learned the mask last night.
Forced to be cautious to your room
I didn't lie to you.
You're in a hurry when you see me moving in, right?
I also learned to use bitter meat tricks
You obviously wrapped the stairs yourself
Why tell everyone?
I pushed you off
What do you have in mind?
Now that you've mentioned this
Then I'll say it again
Kem like you
Only brings crocodiles to caution
Want me to say?
You should tell you
Dead mother goes to hell together
And the location of Mrs. Lu
Let me take its place
I deserve to be his wife
I do love him.
And what about you? The night I married him
You went to him just to ask for a high breakup fee
Lu Jingsheng was mine
Of course his money is going well
I'm his wife.
It's the young lady of the Lu family
You live so proudly
Others will only say it behind their backs
You are a shameless mistress
Those who are not loved are mistresses
And you're about to be kicked out
I wanted you to stay in this house for a few more days
OK
Okay, let's see how I love my roommate
But you are so loving
Tell us to come directly
You're going to kill me?
It's been two years and you still haven't made any progress
It's too cheap to kill you